README.md, before:


shellinabox
===========

[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/shellinabox/shellinabox](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/shellinabox/shellinabox?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

[![Build Status](https://drone.io/github.com/shellinabox/shellinabox/status.png)](https://drone.io/github.com/shellinabox/shellinabox/latest)

This is unofficial fork of project **Shell In A Box**. Fork was created because
original project is not maintained anymore and we cannot contact original
repository owners.

Our aim is to continue with maintanince of shellinabox project. For list of
recent changes please see [CHANGELOG.md](/CHANGELOG.md).

If you have any questions, issues or patches, please fell free to submit pull
request or report an issue. You can also drop an email to original project
[issue #261](https://code.google.com/p/shellinabox/issues/detail?id=261) discusion
from where this fork started.


About shellinabox
-----------------

Shell In A Box implements a web server that can export arbitrary command line
tools to a web based terminal emulator. This emulator is accessible to any
JavaScript and CSS enabled web browser and does not require any additional
browser plugins.

![Shell In A Box preview](/misc/preview.png?raw=true)

More information:

* [Manual page](https://github.com/shellinabox/shellinabox/wiki/shellinaboxd_man)
* [Official site](https://code.google.com/p/shellinabox)
* [Official wiki](https://code.google.com/p/shellinabox/wiki/shellinaboxd_man)


Build
-----------------

For building **shellinabox** from source on Debian or RHEL based systems use commands
listed below. This will create executable file `shellinaboxd` in project directory.

1. Install dependencies

   ```
    apt-get install git libssl-dev libpam0g-dev zlib1g-dev dh-autoreconf
   ```
   
   or
   
   ```
   yum install git openssl-devel pam-devel zlib-devel autoconf automake libtool
   ```

2. Clone source files and move to project directory

   ```
    git clone https://github.com/shellinabox/shellinabox.git && cd shellinabox
   ```

3. Run autotools in project directory

   ```
    autoreconf -i
   ```

4. Run configure and make in project directory

   ```
    ./configure && make
   ```

#### Debian package

For building and installing `.deb` packages you can use commands listed bellow.
Note that dependencies from the first step above are also required.

1. Build package

    ```
    dpkg-buildpackage -b
    ```

2. Install package

    ```
    dpkg -i ../shellinabox_{ver}_{arch}.deb
    ```

For more information about `.deb` packages please see [INSTALL.Debian](/INSTALL.Debian) file.

Issues
-----------------

All reported issues were imported from [Google Code Project Issues](https://code.google.com/p/shellinabox/issues/list).
You can report new issues here, but first please try to reproduce them with package
created from our sources.

Commit message:

Issue #63, #315: only one line is displayed
* Changed detection for when terminal is embedded in another element.
  Now we allow one pixel difference between calculated terminal width
  and body width. This needs to be done because some browsers report
  wrong width in offsetWidth property, when browser zoom is in use.
* Updated README

README.md, after:


shellinabox
===========

[![Build Status](https://drone.io/github.com/shellinabox/shellinabox/status.png)](https://drone.io/github.com/shellinabox/shellinabox/latest)
[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/shellinabox/shellinabox](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/shellinabox/shellinabox?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)


This is unofficial fork of project **Shell In A Box**. Fork was created because
original project is not maintained anymore and we cannot contact original
repository owners.

Our aim is to continue with maintanince of shellinabox project. For list of
recent changes please see [CHANGELOG.md](/CHANGELOG.md).

If you have any questions, issues or patches, please fell free to submit pull
request or report an issue. You can also drop an email to original project
[issue #261](https://code.google.com/p/shellinabox/issues/detail?id=261) discusion
from where this fork started.


About shellinabox
-----------------

Shell In A Box implements a web server that can export arbitrary command line
tools to a web based terminal emulator. This emulator is accessible to any
JavaScript and CSS enabled web browser and does not require any additional
browser plugins.

![Shell In A Box preview](/misc/preview.png?raw=true)

More information:

* [Manual page](https://github.com/shellinabox/shellinabox/wiki/shellinaboxd_man)
* [Official site](https://code.google.com/p/shellinabox)
* [Official wiki](https://code.google.com/p/shellinabox/wiki/shellinaboxd_man)


Build
-----------------

For building **shellinabox** from source on Debian or RHEL based systems use commands
listed below. This will create executable file `shellinaboxd` in project directory.

1. Install dependencies

   ```
    apt-get install git libssl-dev libpam0g-dev zlib1g-dev dh-autoreconf
   ```
   
   or
   
   ```
   yum install git openssl-devel pam-devel zlib-devel autoconf automake libtool
   ```

2. Clone source files and move to project directory

   ```
    git clone https://github.com/shellinabox/shellinabox.git && cd shellinabox
   ```

3. Run autotools in project directory

   ```
    autoreconf -i
   ```

4. Run configure and make in project directory

   ```
    ./configure && make
   ```

#### Debian package

For building and installing `.deb` packages you can use commands listed bellow.
Note that dependencies from the first step above are also required.

1. Build package

    ```
    dpkg-buildpackage -b
    ```

2. Install package

    ```
    dpkg -i ../shellinabox_{ver}_{arch}.deb
    ```

For more information about `.deb` packages please see [INSTALL.Debian](/INSTALL.Debian) file.

Issues
-----------------

All reported issues were imported from [Google Code Project Issues](https://code.google.com/p/shellinabox/issues/list).
You can report new issues here, but first please try to reproduce them with package
created from our sources. In new issue report please include following things:

* Name and version of your operating system
* Name and version of your browser
* Version of shellinabox
* Steps to reproduce the problem

Also feel free to post any questions or comments in [shellianbox chat room](https://gitter.im/shellinabox/shellinabox)
on Gitter.
